[MUSIC]
Hi, again in this video we're
creating a nicer win experience.
So when timer runs out, we kill all
the attackers, we flash Level Complete,
play a sound effect, and
then load the next level.
Okay, let's jump in and get started,
I'm gonna start with a thank you to those
of you that have pointed out in our
discussions an inconsistency that I need
to fix which is my LevelLoad script.
Should be called LevelLoader and
we've gotta AttackerSpawner, we've
got a DamageCollider, DefenderSpawner etc,
so LevelLoad really should be LevelLoader.
It doesn't really matter in the grand
scheme of things, but I'm gonna change it
to recognize the fact that a few people
have said Rick that doesn't make sense.
So I'm gonna find LevelLoad, Ctrl + rr,
and then add an to the end of it,
that's two references in two files,
that looks good.
Click Apply and
then back over into Unity, right click,
I'll right-click once it's
finished doing its updating.
Right-click, Rename, add an all good,
I'm also gonna change where it's placed.
Previously, we had it on our core game
area cuz that was kinda the only thing we
had at the time.
But now with this LevelController,
I think that's a better place for it.
So, LevelLoader, right-click, Remove
Component, go over to our LevelController,
Add Component here, and we're gonna add
out LevelLoader, okay, that's all done.
Now let's get some text on our screen
that displays when we win the game,
I'm gonna start over in here.
Instead of putting it
in my existing Canvas,
which I'm gonna rename this
Main Canvas at the moment.
Main Canvas hit Apply,
has that changed my prefab?
It probably hasn't changed the name of the
prefab so, here we go, Canvas over here,
I'm gonna rename this
as well to Main Canvas.
Okay so, I'm not gonna use that one,
I'm gonna create a new Canvas.
So right-click UI > Canvas, and
I will rename this to Wind Condition or
Game Over,
maybe Level Complete,
Level Complete Canvas.
Okay, Level Complete Canvas,
now within here I'm gonna right-click and
add myself a UI,
what are we looking for here?
Text, at the top, you could use TextMesh
Pro, that would be awesome as well, but
I'm just gonna use Text for the moment.
And I will call this Level Complete Text,
could call it wintext,
that would be okay as well.
Here we're gonna say Level Complete as
the actual text we're gonna create.
Now where is that?
It's way off in goodness knows where,
so let's click on our Canvas,
change first of all
the Canvas Render Mode to be World Space.
And then I'm gonna go to my other canvas,
my Main Canvas, find the Rect Transform,
right click, copy component,
come back to my Level Complete Canvas.
Right click on Rect Transform and
paste component values, and
then that would change the size so
it's exactly the same as our Main Canvas
fits where we want it to fit.
We;re also gonna drag it up in
the order of my hierarchy so
it is just below the Main Canvas.
So Main Canvas and then
Level Complete Canvas next to each other.
And of course, grab Level Complete Canvas,
drag it over into my Core Game Prefabs
folder, so it's prefabbed.
So back on the Level Complete Canvas,
what do we wanna do in here?
Well, lets get our text so
it's readable, just drag my handles so
it's nice and large and ready for
us to create bigger text.
I'm gonna change the font size to 150,
I think that is pretty good,
change the color to yellow.
You know how I love yellow text,
and then center,
change the font, I've already got
a font we're trying Funky Junk,
I think is the one that's gonna work,
yeah, that looks pretty good.
Level Complete, I like it,
kinda needs a backing, doesn't it?
Cuz it Is getting a little bit lost in the
background there, it's also underneath our
other elements, so let's go to Level
Complete Canvas, and find order in layout.
I'm gonna make this 10, so
this should be on top of everything,
that looks pretty good.
Now also, Level Complete Canvas
> Right-click > UI > Image,
and this is gonna be an image that will
sit underneath my Level Complete, so
that I can see the Level Complete better.
So move it around, drag it out,
you can see currently it's sitting over
the top is the order in the hierarchy.
If we drag that above Level Complete text,
now that will sit underneath white's not
so good, change it to a darker color.
Give it some transparency, there we go,
now you can read that font.
And a lot of other options if you use
Text Mesh Pro, to do outlines and whatnot.
That's probably a better way to do it, but
I'm doing this because it's a little bit
quicker so you don't have to watch me
fiddling around with font for five minutes
trying to get that beautiful looking font.
That looking pretty good,
it's doing what we need to do.
Level Complete Canvas,
click Apply to make sure this is
all applied back to the prefab.
The image, I'm gonna rename that to be
Background so it's clear what's going on,
and then once again,
Apply back to the prefab.
Okay, now we need a way of turning on and
off our level complete.
So, jump over to Level Controller,
Level Loader is, Level Controller,
sorry, Level Controller script.
So, I haven't moved that into my
scripts photos, our level controller,
drag that over into scripts photo,
all good.
And level controller,
we're gonna open that up, Visual Studio.
First up I need a way of assigning that
Canvas we just created into something.
So I'm gonna SerializeField,
it's a game object and
I will call this winLabel,
I think it's a good name for the winLabel.
Okay, and now I'm gonna add back in my
start menu, start method, sorry, Start.
Within Start, I'm gonna create a mechanism
that we can turn off the game objects so
that when you start the game,
it's not there.
You want it to be, where are we?
Level Complete Canvas,
you want it to be not there, like that,
okay, so we'll do that in Start.
We'll say, winLabel.SetActive,
and in parentheses we put, what?
We put false, that should turn it off,
now we need to go and assign that.
We find our LevelController,
it should have winlabel is empty.
We will grab our level complete canvas,
drag that on over into our WinLabel, and
then on Level Controller,
we will click Apply back to prefab,
so it is all buttoned up.
Save this out, let's just make sure that
works so that when we start the game,
our Level Complete is not there.
Yeah, great, not there, excellent, because
if we pause the game and click on it,
you can see that the check
box has been clicked off, and
we need a mechanism to turn it back on.
So it goes boink, and
then when we un-pause, you see our level
complete, okay how are we gonna do that?
Well, that's gonna be a challenge that I
set for you, to handle the win condition.
So all the things we wanna
do when we win the game,
that we're setting up now last video.
And I'm going to create a coroutine that
I'll call HandleWindCondition(), so I need
StartCoroutine handle wind condition
to put that at the moment that we win.
And then,
I'm gonna play it "finished level" SFX,
we've got a few that we brought
in previously if you kinda recall
that I brought in sounds
from now Asset pack.
I'm gonna use Quest Complete but you can
use whatever you like to match your game.
Just a hint on that, make sure you add an
audio source, set the win label to true.
Yield for tunable length of time, so
within our coroutine we wanna wait so
we have time for our sound effect to play
and for out text to be on the screen, and
then to load the next scene.
And I'm not gonna go through
the steps in our hints just here, but
remember there's a couple of
things you need to do to make
sure your next scene is actually
available and that it works.
So there's a nice big chunky challenge for
you, take that on,
see you back here when you're done.
Okay welcome back,
how'd you do with that challenge?
Well I hope, let's create ourselves
the handle win condition so,
where do we need to put that?
Start, attacker killed, okay,
in here instead of doing debug we're
gonna start our co routine in here.
So Start(coroutine( and we're gonn call it
(HandleWinCondition()) now that
hasn't been created yet, so
I'm just gonna copy my text in here so
I don't have to type it again.
Just down below,
attacker killed line 30 for
me, I'm gonna type IInumerator,
IInumerator, and
then paste my handle win condition,
put in my curly braces.
Okay first of all,
I will sit my winLabel, so
winLabel.SetActive is what?
It's gonna be true, and
Save on that, looks good.
And we've got the red squiggly line
because we haven't got our yield condition
in yet, but we'll get to that in a moment.
We'll do some audio, so first of all,
let's go create the audio source,
we'll find our Level Controller
> Add Component Audio source.
So we have something that
can actually play our audio,
and I'll find quest_complete,
drag that over into Audio Clip.
Make sure I turn off Play On Awake or
else it will go [NOISE] right at the very
start, and that's looking pretty good.
All right, back over into
LevelController save this up,
what else do we need to do in here?
We need to say GetComponent What
are we getting?
The Audio Source, <AudioSource>().Play,
cuz when we do our win condition or
when we have the win moment
we wanna play out audio.
Next I'm gonna yield, so
yield return new WaitForSeconds.
How many seconds we wanna wait for?
Well, we could just hard code this but
I'm gonna create a variable waitToLoad.
And I'm gonna copy that, head up to
the top of my class, [SerializeField] and
this will be a float just in case
I wanna do like 2.5 seconds.
And waitToLoad,
we'll start that off at 4 seconds, so 4F.
Save, back down into
my HandleWinCondition,
one last thing that I need to do in
here which is to load the next scene.
Okay, where are we handling scene loading?
Let's just go to remind ourselves of that,
we'll look for
our scripts go to our LevelLoader,
open that up.
So it's in LevelLoader and
we're going to be looking for
LoadNextScene I think is what we're after.
Okay so, back into LevelVontroller,
find ObjectiveofType.
We're looking for
the LevelLoader.LoadNextScene();,
that looks pretty good, but
we don't have a next scene at the moment.
So let's save all this up, make sure
everything's prefabbed, looks pretty good.
I'm gonna go to my Scenes folder, find
Level 1, duplicate that to make a Level 2.
It's gonna have all the same sort of
play testing prototyping stuff in there.
But that's fine, we can type all this up
a little later on when we're doing out
tuning and our up to file build settings.
Where are we here?
We wanna drag Level 2 underneath Level 1,
it's now build index three for me, great,
so that's in there.
Let's open Level 2, we need to make
sure we go to the LevelController,
and Level Complete Canvas
is already paired up.
It's been dragged in, so
if that hasn't been done for you,
you need to do that,
that's looking pretty good.
Back to Level 1,
now we'll see, am I on Level 1?
Yes I am, now we'll see if this works,
click on play expecting some errors and
some issues.
But I will see how it goes,
put down a couple of over-powered gnomes.
Time is finished, just gonna kill the last
couple of attackers that are coming in
[SOUND] bloink,
sound effect [SOUND] Level Complete.
Load the next level, excellent,
just placed down a couple dudes, great,
and just out old warnings and no errors.
Okay cool, so that's all looking good,
we've got to the [LAUGH] [SOUND] okay,
calm down.
[SOUND] It wants to beat all the levels.
It got to the point now where we can
finish our scene, finish our level,
it's a pretty good experience for
the player.
We've got some feedback for them, which is
super important, we've got a little bit of
a delay so all good, well done, great
work, and I'll see you in the next video.